W-14792039 PDK final review (#504)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: pdk/1.0/modules/ROOT/pages/policies-pdk-create-schema-definition.adoc

* `title`: The policy name that appears in the UI.
* `description`: A brief explanation of the policy's behavior.

> * `category`: The category the of the policy. Suggested categories are `security`, `compliance`, `transformation`, `quality of service`, and `troubleshooting`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `category`: The category the of the policy. The possible categories are `security`, `compliance`, `transformation`, `quality of service`, and `troubleshooting`.
```
"Suggested" implies that there are other possible categories. Is this the intent? If so then please disregard.

For non-required properties, the API Manager UI suggests the configured default value for properties. If you do not specify the value for non-required properties, the property is not configured.

> In the following configuration table, if the policy was applied in API Manager, `user2` would appear as a suggested value for `username` but is not configured if the value is left blank:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following configuration table, if the policy was applied in API Manager, `user2` would appear as a suggested value for `username` but is not configured if the value is omitted:
```

[[use-custom-parameters-in-rust-source-code]]
== Use Custom Parameters in Rust Source Code

> After you modify the `gcl.yaml` file, run one of the following commands to propagate the changes to the `src/generated/config.rs` rust file and the JSON schema for the UI:

Reviewer: I'm not seeing the preceding text, so maybe it's explained. But I'm confused about "JSON schema for the UI". Which UI? It it referring to API Manager UI? Or VS Code UI? Or something else?

Author: API Manager UI added
